add explanation to startcoinjoinsweep (#1674)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/RPC.md

### startcoinjoinsweep

Sweeps (empties) the wallet by sending the coins in coinjoin to the destination wallet.

> It works the same as normal coinjoin, except that the outputs are send to (internal address(es) of) the destination wallet.

Reviewer: Most likely the coins will go to multiple addresses.

```suggestion
It works the same as normal coinjoin, except that the outputs are sent to (internal addresses of) the destination wallet.
```

Author: done
